README.md, before:

# Optimizely VSCode Extension

The Optimizely VSCode extension lets you access Feature Keys, Experiment Keys and Feature Variables via auto-complete for javascript typescript and react.  If not using these languages, you can use the keyboard shortcuts below to insert your experiment and feature keys.

## Features

- Auto-complete for experiment and feature key parameters as well as feature variables when applicable. (e.g. getFeatureVariable(feature_key, 'list of variables) and getFeatureVarableString('feature_key, 'only list of string feature variable keys)
- Open feature or experiment edit page from IDE.  Simply highlight the feature key or experiment key and hit command-option-o.
- List Experiment variations or feature variables - select experiment or feature key, command-option-v
- List Attribute Keys - command-option-a.
- List Events - command-option-e
- List Experiment Keys - command-option-x
- List Feature Keys - command-option-f
- Command "optimizely: Configuration Debug Dialog" will bring up a debug dialog within the IDE that has your current sdk key.  You can run activate and isFeatureEnabled and getFeatureVariable functions changing the attribute to make sure you have the right configuration for your feature rollout.  If you change sdk keys, you should open a new dialog.

## Installation and configuration

On installation of the Optimizely extension, VSCode will not prompt you to configure the extension. To add your SDK Key and configure the extension, run the "Optimizely: Configure" command from your command pallete.

**Note:** If you use quick suggestions to autocomplete words, Optimizely autocomplete functionality requires the `editor.quickSuggestions.strings` setting to be enabled. Otherwise, you'll need to press `Ctrl+Space` (default binding) to see your flag key suggestions.

Here's an example configuration with quick suggestions enabled:

```json
{
  "editor.quickSuggestions": {
    "other": true,
    "comments": false,
    "strings": true
  }
}
```

Commit message:

update README to include minimum vscode version.

README.md, after:

# Optimizely VSCode Extension

The Optimizely VSCode extension lets you access Feature Keys, Experiment Keys and Feature Variables via auto-complete for javascript typescript and react.  If not using these languages, you can use the keyboard shortcuts below to insert your experiment and feature keys as well as attribute and event keys.

This extension is compatiable with 1.34 and higher of vscode.

## Features

- Auto-complete for experiment and feature key parameters as well as feature variables when applicable. (e.g. getFeatureVariable(feature_key, 'list of variables) and getFeatureVarableString('feature_key, 'only list of string feature variable keys)
- Open feature or experiment edit page from IDE.  Simply highlight the feature key or experiment key and hit command-option-o.
- List Experiment variations or feature variables - select experiment or feature key, command-option-v
- List Attribute Keys - command-option-a.
- List Events - command-option-e
- List Experiment Keys - command-option-x
- List Feature Keys - command-option-f
- Command "optimizely: Configuration Debug Dialog" will bring up a debug dialog within the IDE that has your current sdk key.  You can run activate and isFeatureEnabled and getFeatureVariable functions changing the attribute to make sure you have the right configuration for your feature rollout.  If you change sdk keys, you should open a new dialog.

## Installation and configuration

On installation of the Optimizely extension, VSCode will not prompt you to configure the extension. To add your SDK Key and configure the extension, run the "Optimizely: Configure" command from your command pallete.

**Note:** If you use quick suggestions to autocomplete words, Optimizely autocomplete functionality requires the `editor.quickSuggestions.strings` setting to be enabled. Otherwise, you'll need to press `Ctrl+Space` (default binding) to see your flag key suggestions.

Here's an example configuration with quick suggestions enabled:

```json
{
  "editor.quickSuggestions": {
    "other": true,
    "comments": false,
    "strings": true
  }
}
```
